---
layout: post
title:  "Week 13"
date:   2016-04-23
categories: jekyll update
---
We got the hang of Life!

# 1. What did you do this past week?
This past was mostly spent on finishing the Life project. I'm glad the deadline was extended to Friday because my partner and I were both too busy to meet on Thursday, so we had to finish the remaining unit tests and clean ups on Friday noon. Surprisingly, the unit tests this time weren't that bad.

# 2. What's in your way?
This week was really stressful for some reason. Many times I felt myself feeling cranky from the little things, so keeping a good attitude about homework and projects was challenging. As a result, I procrastinated a little too much.

# 3. What will you do next week?
Start studying for my finals. I'm mainly worried about Algorithms and OOP, since I really need to get good grades on them.

# My experience in the class:
This week we went more in-depth into inheritance and handle classes this week, and these concepts are something I definitely need to completely understand before the test. I don't get why we are learning about handle classes so late into the project, given these lectures would have really helped with the Life project last week. Maybe because professor wants us to explore and try to understand how to do it on our own first? Well, I'm just glad my partner and I got Life done.

# Tip of the week:
[CodeChef](https://www.codechef.com) is a site where you can practice coding problems of various difficulty and compete with others. You can also compile and run your code online through this site.