---
layout: post
title:  "Week One"
date:   2016-08-27
categories: jekyll update
---

Hurray it's the start of another semester!

# 1. What did you do this past week?
Last week was mostly spent moving into my new apartment, bonding with new roommates, sorting out my schedule, and getting to know my classes.

# 2. What's in your way?
Since school just started, there's not much to be done. However, I need to get into work mode and start studying.

# 3. What will you do next week?
I will definitely try to keep myself busy. I realized that if I have a constant busyness I get more work done, and that I won't have many opportunities to procrastinate. Therefore, I plan to finish setting up the environments and start on my readings/projects.

# My experience in the class:
First of all, I did not expect to actually get a spot in this class because I was the 34th on the waitlist on Monday. However, I guess overnight 34 people just either forgot to pay their tuition or forgot to change their swap class settings, so I got accepted into Software Engineering. Anyway, the first week of SWE was just what I expected - similar to OOP but with focus on Python, but I know we will learn new concepts really soon. I am excited for SWE because of the promise of building a complete web application and strengthening my Python skills. I also want to learn what Docker is and why it's so useful. I'm familiar with Professor Downing's teaching and testing style, so I'm going to take advantage of that and start everything early. FInally, I hope by the end of this semester I will get a solid understanding of what software engineering is like and narrow down my career interests.

# Tip of the week:
Since it's almost time for internship hunting again, check out this [Five Essential Phone-Screen Questions] (https://sites.google.com/site/steveyegge2/five-essential-phone-screen-questions). The article talks about many important CS topics that interview candidates should know and some examples of bad answers. Study up on your basic Object-Oriented concepts and data structures but don't forget about low level C concepts either.