---
layout: post
title:  "Week Two"
date:   2016-09-4
categories: jekyll update
---

# 1. What did you do this past week?
I took on the responsibility of being a TA for Professor Downing's OOP course. So, I held office hours, went to OOP class along with my normal SWE class, worked on my SWE project, and studied for Management class.

# 2. What's in your way?
I think the biggest challenge for me this semester will be separating OOP materials from SWE materials. For example, I need to constantly remind myself that SWE TAs may have different expectations for the Collatz project than me for the OOP Collatz. Thus, I should not accidentally impose my expectations for OOP onto my performance in SWE. Additionally, I'm learning how to handle all types of questions from students, and I believe I will do a good job. Finally, one main worry I have is since OOP projects are due at the same time as SWE projects, and that I will be helping OOP students turn in their projects on the due dates, I will not have enough time to finish my own SWE projects, or that this will cause a problem with my SWE project partner(s). However, we can always start projects early so I have plenty of time to fulfill my duties as an OOP TA. I'm crossing my fingers that my future SWE partners would understand. Regardless, I'm ready for this responsibility and fight my way through any problems.

# 3. What will you do next week?
Next week I will finish my SWE Collatz project early and finish assignments from business classes. I also imagine I will be grading OOP projects...Fun times ahead.

# My experience in the class:
So far this class is a lot like OOP, just in a different language. However, I really enjoyed refreshing my skills in Python (I almost forgot that the range() function excludes the second argument, oh man. Good thing Professor Downing reviewed with us so I knew it for the Collatz project). On Friday we had a guest speaker on the Longhorn Startup Seminar, and it was really interesting. I might join the class in my senior year, because right now I'm still working hard on my degree. 

# Tip of the week:
[HackerRank](https://www.hackerrank.com/) is a great place to practice coding problems in many languages and compete against other users. Check it out!