---
layout: post
title:  "Week 4"
date:   2016-02-14 
categories: jekyll update
---

Warning: cheese incoming!
Object Oriented Programming is becoming one of my favorite CS classes. I know it.
End of warning

# 1. What did you do this past week?
Last week went by fairly quickly. I went out of town for an interview and watched my online lecture at the airport. On Thursday, some friends and I went to see Deadpool on the opening night and I had a blast. The next day, my partner and I worked on the OOP project and made some progress. There was a good balance of fun and work.

# 2. What's in your way?
My Voting project partner and I both have really busy schedules, and so far we haven't got a lot of time to work on the project yet. The main obstacle standing in the way would be to meet up for a large chunk of time to really work on the project. 

# 3. What will you do next week?
Go to the study session and finish the Voting project! Also catch up in my Algorithms and Python classes and finish other programming assignments.

## My experience in the class:
OOP is a great class for reinforcing fundamental computer science skills. I find myself really enjoying the lectures. As for the quizzes, they are slowly getting better, and I hope they stay that way. Professor Downing also invited a guest speaker to talk about his life at the industry as a programmer, and I think that's really cool because we get to learn not just what kind of projects he is working on or what the company is like, but also how a CS graduate's technical career developed, the latter of which we don't really hear about at career fairs. The bonus part is that we don't have to miss class or take time out of our free time to be able to listen to guest speakers. All in all, if you go to this class every day, there is something new to take home every time. 

## Tip of the week:
Debugging is often long and painful. Nobody likes to fix bugs. However, you can minimize the errors in your program, whether they be logic, syntax, or runtime errors, by first grasp the objective of the problem and then full understanding all the programming concepts associated with the problem. You can save a lot of time just by re-reading the assignment multiple times and understanding what it's asking from you. You can also save some painful debugging if you started coding with a clear picture of what the inputs/outputs are, what the program does, and confirm that you have all the necessary skills to do that problem. Finally, remember talking to yourself is not frowned upon! It's a good method to find errors in your logic!