---
layout: post
title:  "Week 5"
date:   2016-02-21 
categories: jekyll update
---

Project 2 took a lot longer than I had expected. If only we start off using vectors instead of arrays and 2D arrays, we would have saved at least 3 hours of coding and debugging. Yep, lesson learned.

# 1. What did you do this past week?
Last week I was really busy working on programming assignments and especially the Voting Project. My partnet and I spent almost 9 hours straight in the lab on Thursday. On Friday night, after everything is finally over (for good or bad), I was pretty worn out, so I just hung out with friends. We grabbed pizza, watched Netflix, and played Mortal Kombat X and a horror game called Until Dawn. 

# 2. What's in your way?
A big challenge for me last week was balancing all of the homeworks and projects. There was something due every day, and every assignment was important. I had to make sure I try the best in every assignment. In addition, learning Python and C++ at the same time had gotten kind of confusing at times, but I think it's good training for me. Programming is a skill I need to practice to get better, and I feel that I really need more practice.

# 3. What will you do next week?
Next week is the beginning of midterm week, starting with a test in Algorithms class. I really dread that test because the homework assignments had been quite difficult, and the problems are not something you can solve in 1.5 hours. I need to study for that and make sure I'm caught in other classes as well.

# My experience in the class:
This class is quite different from other traditional CS classes I've taken so far. Each lecture covers just two or three important C++ concepts, but we get more in depth into those concepts than we would otherwise do in other classes. I find myself really enjoying this way of learning because I don't get overwhelmed by a bunch of knowledge at the same time. Even more, I think I'm warming up to the (almost) daily quizzes because they are a great way to track where I am in the understanding of concepts every day. Maybe there is a reason why the professor puts 100% weight on the quizzes so far and leaves everything to 0%, because he wants us to see for ourselves how much concepts we are actually understanding. There are many tricks and corner cases in CS, and it's not enough to just vaguely get an idea of what something does. These quizzes really test that.

# Tip of the week:
Midterm week is coming up, it's time to buckle down and study. Don't be afraid to go to office hours or ask questions in class. Join a study group and teach someone else something. You learn the best when you try to explain to others. Finally don't stress yourself out too much and get a full nights sleep before a test. The brain is also working to absorb and remember the information you studied during the day at night, so give your brain some time to absorb all that cramming you did during the day!