---
layout: post
title:  "Week 1"
date:   2016-01-24 
categories: jekyll update
---

Another week of OOP has passed by, I feel that I'm getting the hang of this class. Here's my obligatory quick weekly checkpoint:

# 1. What did you do this past week?
I caught up in some classes, did some textbook readings, and made good progress on the Collatz project. I also got the chance to hang out with friends. (We played Monopoly and I totally won haha.) 

# 2. What's in your way?
This week the primary obstacle is setting up the environment for my Collatz Project. Travis was complaining of make erros and I couldn't install Doxygen correctly on my laptop. I went to OOP office hours and finally fixed building issues. Also the textbook is hard to read, and because of that I can't really concentrate on reading as much as I liked.

# 3. What will you do next week?
Definitely read more of the OOP textbook, finish all of my assignments early so I have more time to work on other things and worry less. I will also work a lot on the Collatz Project.

## My experience in the class:
This second week of class feels much better than the first week. Professor Downing is seriously great at explaining programming concepts and has a good sense of humor. When I'm in the class I don't check the time often like I do in other classes. I hope this feeling keeps up as the projects and concepts get more and more difficult.

## Tip of the week:
Want to brush up and improve on your coding and mathematical skills at the same time? Check out [this](https://projecteuler.net) great website! It has mathematical questions of various difficulties that can be solved by coding algorithms. I haven't found time to solve the problems yet, but the website looks promising. Have fun!
