---
layout: post
title:  "Week 3"
date:   2016-02-07 
categories: jekyll update
---
The regular quizzes in every lecture are going to drive me crazy, ha. Why can't we go back to a previous question?

# 1. What did you do this past week?
This week has been the busiest so far. The Collatz project took up the most time for me, but I can gladly say that I finished it in good time! After successfully building Travis and making sure that my code works correctly, everything just went by smoothly from there. Running Doxygen and submitting the canvas form were pretty straightforward. Besides the OOP project, I also went to the College of Natural Sciences Career Fair and had a good time talking to recruiters. The next day I went to a networking dinner called The Women in Engineering Banquet and sat with Capital One representatives. We talked a lot about the company's internship opportunity and the culture there. The experience honestly made me want to excel in this major. Yeah, cheesy I know. Finally, on Friday I participated in a research study on the experience of being a female gamer. It was such a good way to end the busy week because I got to talk for an hour and a half on nothing but video games with other women, all the while being fed free pizza haha! 

# 2. What's in your way?
Mainly balancing work with homeworks and projects, and at the same time searching for a summer internship and housing for next school year as well. Oh, and also making sure my social life still exists. 

# 3. What will you do next week?
I got an interview coming up next week (please please let me be hired), so I will be studying and preparing for that. Also I have a Python assignment that I'm pretty confused about, so I will be going to office hours for help next week. 

## My experience in the class:
This week of OOP has been incredibly educational! Professor Downing is really great at teaching us the difference between passing by value, passing by address, and passing reference. I wish I could have had that tutorial before I took Operating Systems. It would have saved me a lot of stress. What's even better is if UTCS made it mandatory to take a week long lesson just on pointers and references. A lot of lives would be saved. Overall, I'm starting to feel that this class is the best for reinforcing coding skills, practicing good programming habits (like using Git!!), and clarifying fundamental programming knowledge. On our own time, we must, of course, complete projects that will put those skills to test.

## Tip of the week:
Since this week we talked about implicit type conversions and Java being a strongly typed language, I thought it would be fitting to learn more about the difference between Java and Python in terms of typing. I found [this article](https://pythonconquerstheuniverse.wordpress.com/2009/10/03/python-java-a-side-by-side-comparison/) that summarizes the differences between Java and Python pretty well. The article mentions not only about typing, but also the inherit object construction and exception handling as well (the latter of which the lecture also did a good job of explaining.)