---
layout: post
title:  "Week 12"
date:   2016-04-17
categories: jekyll update
---

# 1. What did you do this past week?
Last week was about the same as any other week. Work, classes, assignments, projects, friends. My partner and I started on the Life project and made some good progress. I won at Monopoly, again.

# 2. What's in your way?
My partner and I have quite different schedules, so coordinating large chunks of time is hard. Usually we've either met up for a small amount of time once a day or many small blocks of time a day. Regardless, we are in good shape as far as how much of the project we've covered. Another challenge we faced in the project is how inheritance works in C++. We've run into many compiler issues with our design because we didn't make a virtual abstract constructor or didn't know what the Cell class does. Luckily we have fixed these bugs after Professor Downing's lecture on handle classes and virtual keyword.

# 3. What will you do next week?
My partner and I agreed to try to finish the Life project before Thursday, since we don't want to stress ourselves out on the day of the deadline again. We estimate taking at least 3 or 4 hours on those unit tests...

# My experience in the class:
This week we learned about the virtual keyword, inheritance, and how a handle class works in C++. That lecture really helped with this project, but I wish we learned that sooner, so we have more of an idea of inheritance going into the project.

# Tip of the week:
Last time I talked about how C++ inner class can access the outer class's private fields by passing in the parent object, this time I will address the problem of a child class not able to access the parent class's fields. Long story short, in C++ (and Java too) the only way you can access a parent's fields is to make those fields [protected](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/8241462/access-private-members-in-inheritance), not private. Private fields of a class can ONLY be accessed by methods from that said class. Subclasses are not exceptions.