---
layout: post
title:  "Week 1"
date:   2016-01-24 
categories: jekyll update
---

So, I have officially finished the first week of Object-Oriented Programming class. Here's a quick weekly checkpoint:

# 1. What did you do this past week?
Regretfully, I actually didn't do as much work as I hoped. I got my schedule all set and started on some of my assignments, but that was pretty much it. Oh, and I cooked almost every day. Gotta save as much money as I can before school gets hectic and I have to eat out every day. 

# 2. What's in your way?
Procrastination. (I have to be honest here.) Also my limited knowledge in coding in C++. 

# 3. What will you do next week?
Set better goals for myself and finish my homeworks soon! I am also starting my work study job on Monday (hope that goes well) so the pressure is back. 

## My experience in the class:
Overall, my experience was good. However, I was definitely intimidated by my professor because he calls on students to answer questions. With my luck, I was actually called on. On the bright side, that means it will be a while before he picks me again haha. The lectures are great! Dr. Downing explains the concepts very thoroughly and clearly, walking step by step through lines of code, and even writes some notes for us all to share and review. That was pretty cool. Finally, the class workload seems a little heavy, but manageable. 

## Tip of the week:
For those who are interested in learning Swift, build IOS apps, etc. I just recently learned about this tutorial ([Hacking With Swift](https://www.hackingwithswift.com)). It's supposed to be a really nice way to learn Swift programming. Have fun and enjoy!

