---
layout: post
title:  "Week 8"
date:   2016-03-13
categories: jekyll update
---

Finally, the much anticipated break...

# 1. What did you do this past week?
The week before Spring Break for me was surprisingly not very busy, so I took advantage of that and started on the Allocator project early with my partner. We made a lot of good progress, and we made sure the code we wrote compiled before leaving for the break.

# 2. What's in your way?
While Spring Break is much needed, I still have to sit down and concentrate on my homework. I'm actually fighting the urge to procrastinate right now, haha.

# 3. What will you do next week?
I have two big projects due the week immediately after Spring Break, so I need to work on them. Skype with my OOP partner and really start on the Python project...

# My experience in the class:
Well, I got my OOP test results back. I am somewhat relieved that I did better than I expected, but I am sure I can do much better, so that made me a little sad. Apparently the rubric adjustment lowered a lot of people's grades, and I count myself lucky to not have checked my grade before the adjustment. I would rather not see my grade go down. Ignorance is bliss, right? Also, the Allocator project feels much smaller than the previous two, and I'm paranoid that my partner and I missed something really important and lose a lot of points. I wonder if anyone else feels the same? Finally, I was really expecting the professor to talk more about the project on Wednesday and clarify some of my questions, but having the guest speaker is also nice. I guess it was a good opportunity for me to use Piazza, which I should probably use more often...

# Tip of the week:
[DevPost](http://devpost.com/) is a place where programmers showcase their projects and even launch their work online. You can follow developers and participate in hackathons. If you are working on a side project or want to check out some projects people are working on in your spare time, check out this site.