---
layout: post
title:  "Week Nine"
date:   2016-10-23
categories: jekyll update
---
Grace Hopper!!! Celebration of women in computing!!

# 1. What did you do this past week?
The majority of this past week was spent in Houston, attending the Grace Hopper Conference. In fact, I was so preoccupied with doing interviews, attending career sessions, listening to keynote speakers, and networking at the career expo, that I didn't have much time doing my normal school work.

# 2. What's in your way?
Missed lectures and attendance points. You never know how important classes are until you miss 4 consecutive days of them. I actually have a lot of worries over how to make up the information I missed.

# 3. What will you do next week?
Play catch up with 4 days worth of lectures and unfinished assignments. Also, because I was out of town and have a different schedule everyday than my usual class schedule, I didn't contribute much to the Phase One of our project. I feel *really* guilty for not being there with my group, so I am going to work a lot more next week on the next Phase.

# My experience in the class:
The class lectures are really heavy on Python, which I appreciate and understand because the projects are coded in Python. Phase One of the project reminded me how important coordination and communication are when working in a medium sized team.

# Tip of the week:
This week is registration week! Plan your schedule early, and always have a back up plan to your backup plan! The courses at UT are super competitive, so know which ones you are interested do a lot of research on the professor and class materials. Good luck everyone!