---
layout: post
title:  "Week 14"
date:   2016-04-23
categories: jekyll update
---
Last week of classes!!!

# 1. What did you do this past week?
I started studying for OOP and Algorithms and finished all but one project. I also slept for 12 hours straight this Sunday and did not get a headache from oversleeping. Perhaps I needed that.

# 2. What's in your way?
I'm having some difficulty wrapping my head around all the different Handle classes and ways to implement the copy constructor and copy assignment. My study group had been debating about the difference between an explicit array initialization and two argument vector constructor (if there is any) and how inheritance works in C++. Can operators get inherited? Can operators be virtual? Questions...questions...

# 3. What will you do next week?
Finish my Information in Cyberspace project (I've been procrastinating that for too long...) and really study for my tests/finals.

# My experience in the class:
Professor Downing stopped giving us daily quizzes, and I never thought I would say this, but I wanted to have more of the quizzes. Mostly because more quizzes means more drops, but also because I think the quizzes help me understand the materials better. I like Downing, so I waitlisted for Software Engineering. Hope I get the class next semester!

# Tip of the week:
It's the last week of classes. It's very tempting to skip class and just rest/study at home. Don't do that. Still go to the TA's and ask for help. Study with a group of people. Teach someone some concept. Practice all the code we wrote in OOP. When all the tests are over, don't think about them anymore and just enjoy the break!