---
layout: post
title:  "Week 6"
date:   2016-02-28 
categories: jekyll update
---

# 1. What did you do this past week?
The same old. Nothing much happened last week besides studying for exams and finishing homeworks. I also helped a friend finish his Python assignment. I'm currently out of town, so that's quite refreshing. Homemade BBQ is the best. And staying out of Austin's traffic for a weekend is always nice. No seriously, Austin is growing too fast for its size.

# 2. What's in your way?
How to study for the first test in OOP. This class focuses a lot on specific functions and some C++ knowledge. I can always read over my notes and the Google doc, but it seems like it's not enough to do well on the test. Maybe I need to come up with little quizzes for myself. I also wonder how much of the textbook will be on the exam?

# 3. What will you do next week?
Study for that OOP test. Start on project 3 if it's released. Oh and make an appointment to (finally) take my driving test! Hope I pass it!

# My experience in the class:
Man I was really glad the homework load for this class is relatively light, and that there was no project due last week, because I was pretty busy with exams and pesonal relationships. The class materials are slowly getting more challenging, and I still mentally freak out when the professor calls on me. I think I'll use this class to train myself to be more confident in myself. I just can't help feeling stupid among everyone else who seems to know the answers.

# Tip of the week:
Now might be a little late for job interviews, but [The Programmer Interview](http://www.programmerinterview.com/) is a great place to study CS concepts for interviews, or just reviewing in general. The website includes sample interview questions and answers in many different programming languages too, so check it out if you haven't already.