---
layout: post
title:  "Week 9"
date:   2016-03-27
categories: jekyll update
---

# 1. What did you do this past week?
This past week I mostly worked on projects and assignments. Fortunately, my partner and I started on the OOP project early so we finished in time, and I got to watch the new Batman V. Superman movie as a reward.

# 2. What's in your way?
I'm having a really hard time in my Algorithms class. It's hard to concentrate on the lectures and the homework assignments don't really reflect the actual test. I might need to change the way I'm studying for this class.

# 3. What will you do next week?
Really study for my Algorithms test that is coming up next week. The last test really killed me, and I'll try not to let that discourage me. I'm also participating in the Google Games on Saturday, so I'm looking forward to that.

# My experience in the class:
We learned more about pointers and constants this week, and I'm really enjoying this class. I am pretty sure by this point that I will enjoy whatever Professor Downing teaches, because his teaching style really fits with my learning style. Also, professor released our ranks in OOP class and I have to say I'm kind of disappointed in my rank. I thought I was doing well, but compared to others in the class, I need to do better. I also applied to be a proctor in Professor Downing's summer class, which I learned will go more in depth into the libraries like containers. The application asked me to submit my five highest level CS courses, and being a sophomore I don't have all 5 upper division CS electives, so I had to compromise and choose 2 lower divisions. I hope I am selected so I can challenge myself in coding and CS this summer, but I'm afraid the chances are slim. Maybe I can talk to someone?

# Tip of the week:
When writing code, don't write overly complex methods and try to look sophisticated in front of people. Sometimes the simplest method is the smartest solution. It's also good practice to make sure your function only does one thing. If you find yourself cramming multiple tasks into one function, you should probably break it down into multiple functions and call them individually.