---
layout: post
title:  "Week 10"
date:   2016-04-3
categories: jekyll update
---

# 1. What did you do this past week?
My partner and I started on the new Darwin project. We are making some good progress, but this project is much more complicated than the last one. The good new is that we are about half way done and bebugging as we go, so hopefully we won't get overwhelmed with bugs next week.

# 2. What's in your way?
One of the biggest challenge my partner and I encountered while working on the Darwin project is not using any getters and setters. There have been a few times where we suddenly paused in the middle of coding and questioned whether or not this method we are using is a getter/setter. We are also having trouble changing a creature of another species to our own species type without using a setter.

# 3. What will you do next week?
This year my birthday landed on a very awkward day. It's on a Monday and the day of the dreaded Algorithms test. I predict I will spend half of tomorrow studying and the other half celebrating my survival from Algorithms (and life in general, I guess). Also, I RSVP-ed to a CS faculty appreciation dinner, so hopefully I can attend and chat with some professors to get to know them better. Other than that, the rest of the week will be normal, just finishing up projects and assignments.

# My experience in the class:
The articles we read about avoiding getters and setters are quite helpful in this project. I also liked the guest speakers we had this week, because otherwise I would not have known about BitBucket and the unlimited number of private repos. Also, I came to a conclusion that Professor Downing really likes elephant analogies. You can't ignore the elephant in the room, can you? Haha, I'm so funny. Right.

# Tip of the week:
In C++ nested classes, the inner class can access the outer class's private fields ONLY IF you specify the parent-child relationship manually, by passing in the parent object to the child constructor. My partner and I learned this the hard way. Hopefully [this tip](http://stackoverflow.com/questions/486099/can-inner-classes-access-private-variables) will help some people in their Darwin project.