---
layout: post
title:  "Week Ten"
date:   2016-10-30
categories: jekyll update
---
I call this week "the aftermath of a terrible storm"

# 1. What did you do this past week?
Nothing unusual - (mostly) caught up with my missed lectures, worked on programming assignments and the SWE second phase, and had my last on-site interview (thank goodness, I could not take one more on-site physically and academically).

# 2. What's in your way?
It's the flu season again, and of course me being me with a terrible immune system, I got the flu just as I expected.

# 3. What will you do next week?
Get better from my flu and finish the second phase of the project. Also study for my second midterms.

# My experience in the class:
This week was a short week for SWE. On Monday we learned about regular expression in Python. I don't have much experience with regular expression before taking this class, so the lecture was super helpful. We covered different tokens such as zero or more, zero or one, not something, etc. It was pretty fascinating, although there was quite a lot of new knowledge to absorb since regex doesn't come naturally to me (saldy) so I'll have to practice more. On Wednesday, we had guest speakers from a consulting company called Pariveda. I learned a lot of useful tech tips from them such as what I should focus on in my undergraduate learning and how to turn academic knowledge into the real world knowledge. Finally, I was really happy to learn that on Friday there was no class due to UTCS's 50th anniversary, because I had to miss Friday to go to an on-site interview with American Express in Phoenix, Arizona. I was saved from another 0 for my SWE quiz, which I'm super thankful for because I could not take any more zeroes for those quizzes. Unfortunately, I had to miss many great talks on interesting CS topics.

# Tip of the week:
Following up on the topic of Python Regular Expression, [here](https://www.debuggex.com/cheatsheet/regex/python) is a cheat sheet for a list of Python Regex basics, quantifiers, and special characters. I will be using this sheet to study for the next SWE test!