---
layout: post
title:  "Week 7"
date:   2016-03-05
categories: jekyll update
---

# 1. What did you do this past week?
The usual - I finished my Python homework, went to work, and studied for the OOP exam.

# 2. What's in your way?
Mainly fighting the urge to procrastinate after a busy week.

# 3. What will you do next week?
Now that the first round of tests is all over for me, I need to get back to the usual assignments. Also, I should definitely start working on my Python project. The professor gave us more than 2 weeks to finish it, but I should start early.

# My experience in the class:
The OOP test was harder than I expected. I went over all the quiz questions and completely understood how to do each of them, but the test was more challenging than those quizzes. I think I did fine on the non-coding concept questions, but I was not sure how specific Professor Downing wanted the short answers to be. The coding questions though, were to real killers. I spent too much time on the short answers that I didn't have as much time as I wanted to write actual code. The fact that I'm a relatively slow typer didn't help either. On top of that, Canvas tests didn't support tabs, which made me spend too much time just formatting the indentations (because I'm quite OCD about my spacing) and the text boxes were pretty small, so I had to constanly scroll up and down to review my code. In terms of the coding questions themselves, they were definitely fair, but very very tricky. I studied the C++ standard library algorithms a lot of times, but the exam really tested how well I understood not just those functions, but also coding in general. Overall, I did the best I could given the time limit, but don't think I did really well on this test.

# Tip of the week:
I want to share a tip I learned from taking the OOP test. Before writing/typing anything on the exam, read over all the instructions first and start thinking about the coding questions because they are the most important. It's easy to start from question 1 and go in order, but unless you trust that you won't spend too much time on the easier questions, I recommend you tackle the coding first. I did not give myself enough time to code, so my performance suffered from that.