---
layout: post
title:  "Week Six"
date:   2016-10-01
categories: jekyll update
---

# 1. What did you do this past week?
Nothing exciting. Just studied (tried to study), took exams, went to interviews, the usual school stuff. I guess the fun part was when I found out my neighbor has a really cute and really friendly puppy, and I got to play with him. 

# 2. What's in your way?
Balancing school work with work work and job hunting. Trying not to give in to procrastination. However, it's hard when I just found a new form of procrastination -- playing with my neighbor's dog.

# 3. What will you do next week?
Study for the SWE test, finish all my assignments, prepare and do well in my interviews. The pressure is high next week, because a lot of important events will happen based on how well I perform...

# My experience in the class:
We learned about list/dict/tuple/other comprehesions in class, and the difference between those and generators. In addition, we also implemented map and iterators using yield, which was really helpful in understanding how the functions and yield work. There was a lot of new information on top of existing knowledge, so I need to really sit down and review for this class.

# Tip of the week:
Try to bond/make friends with your interviewer. The interviewer is there to not only assess your technical skills, but also how well you work with and treat others. If you can impress the interviewer with your awesome coding skills *AND* people skills, you'll be in a good spot.