---
layout: post
title:  "Week 15"
date:   2016-05-7
categories: jekyll update
---

End of Semester

# 1. What did you do this past week?
I studied, finished my projects, and took my last tests! Friday was the last day of the semester for me so I'm done with everything now.

# 2. What's in your way?
Studying for OOP exam was a little tricky because the test was on the last day, so I was more tempted to slack off than usual. After a few study group sessions, I had a hard time bringing myself to the mood of studying for OOP alone. However, before the test I still felt prepared because I started studying early.

# 3. What will you do next week?
I don't have a fixed plan yet (feels so weird to say this), but I want to relax, sleep in every day, or go on a road trip. Basically do anything but study because I need this long break before my internship starts at the end of May.

# My experience in the class:
The second exam was quite an experience. The test was definitely fair and doable. However, the timer was made me super nervous at the end, because seeing the numbers getting closer and closer to 0 second was a quite distracting. In addition, all the materials tested on the exam were covered in class, but some of the questions were pretty long. The question on Game and EnchantedRoom in particular took me a while to understand, and then some more time to translate my thoughts into code. By the time I finished the first method, the timer went out and my test was automatically submitted. Overall, I learned a lot in this class. I understand and like C++ a lot more now than before. Downing gave me more hope that I am not the worst at programming. This class is definitely one of my favorite CS class in UT.

# Tip of the week:
For those who are going to intern at software industries this summer, make sure to ask for the dress code and work times! Some companies require business casual attire every day and have Jeans Fridays, but some companies just don't mind what you wear as long as you don't look homeless. It's always good to undestand what your employers expect of you before you start working! This also includes job tasks and overtime payment options. Good luck everyone and enjoy the summer!